Luke Thomas at the MGM Grand here in Las
Vegas Nevada next to the man who is the
trainer and father to the number one
pound for pound fighter in the sport
Floyd Mayweather senior how are you my
friend
Floyd too much how are you feeling with
all the media all the pressure all the
demands for your attention I'm naughty
word about next bout man before I talk
to you before the Canelo fight and you
were pretty confident before that but
you seem even more confident this time
is that okay why were you why are you
more confident for me than you were
necessarily for Canelo well pac-man
never fought Canelo and there's a lot of
things that happened down there's a lot
of things that happen down the road and
you know I don't want to speak on things
but you know I'm just saying a lot of
things down the road man did cause me he
didn't even know it
pac-man never they'll either
know your son did but not not Pacquiao
Canelo Willis out back yeah why because
of the science and punching power it's
strong to being strong not only that you
see yourself with Florida the second
fight we're down the weight up 167
pounds what happened
Dooley's Pat Cal being a 144 I mean I
know you think your son's gonna win no
matter what many experts do but I just
mean that 144 for backe ow is that too
light like obviously they're trying to
be they're trying to be fast trying to
be mobile if is that the wrong approach
in your mind yes do you
he got nobody to fight with fluid but
they're in the same weight class right I
mean it makes sense that they would
inevitably me would be no kind of threat
to my son how different is he from other
fires not saying better or worse just
saying many just saying different like
there are there are things he does that
are slightly different than maybe some
other guys you see anyway for my gas
jump that's what they jump jump jump
jump in here now
you seem jumpy like that he jump in it
is so I'm just telling you that it's
that little big deal with the guy
jumping or doing whatever you doing I'm
just telling you right here we just
waiting to that night get hit it's gonna
be sandy
do you plan if if the flight goes the
way you think it's gonna go let's say it
happens exactly like that either beat
him up real bad or boys gonna stop him
within 12 hours do you think if that
happens she retires back down all right
so let's talk two more questions here I
appreciate your time how I mean so Floyd
is the top pound-for-pound fighter in
the sport but obviously you know you
can't fly it too far outside your weight
class bad things can happen but let me
ask you this how far up could Floyd go
before you think he could meet his match
I don't mean technically just the size
being too much but you going red 67
brown I mean some guys will get beat I
mean it's just it's just something guys
you can't be I mean you know show them
guys that's some of those guys now this
champion is tough
Troy could beat him right now but
there's that doesn't afford to be
just try afraid well I'm not trying to
fight all these big guys man you think
he could be golovkin see too big about
the same way this Cannell about the same
weight as koto there but 160 prominent
anyway whatever you can look at it
anyway he's a small man he's beaten all
the big man I made no division
you can't take that away from it I'm
just saying you see why they ever ass
beat him up Maidana beat him up
Cotto beat him up delahoy
beat him up and a host of other guys
that's you know overweight and
everything yes last question for you
appreciate your time if the fight is so
non-competitive why should fans still
buy it it's competitive because
everybody's talking about it
that's what everybody's talking about
you know what you know anyway anything
that everybody's talking about man
everybody want to give everybody want to
be a part of it so if I want to be a
part of it and some people don't know
what they're doing some people is
something you don't know wasting money
floor I think every time appreciate it
thank you